README.md, before:

# Soundlimit

[![github](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/github_vector.svg)](https://github.com/Erb3/Soundlimit)
[![modrinth](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/modrinth_vector.svg)](https://modrinth.com/mod/soundlimit)
![forge](https://github.com/Erb3/Cactusfix/blob/1.20.x/assets/forge_64h.png?raw=true)

Have you wanted to play music with nine different jukeboxes at the same time?
Me neither, but now you can.
A simple Minecraft mod to increase the sound limit from 8 to 128. Enjoy.

## FAQ

**Can I use this mod in my modpack?**

Yes! You are more than welcome to include my mod in your modpack, if you credit me, and do not reupload the mod.
I would also appreciate if you told me about it 😊.

**Can I re-upload this mod?**

Short answer: No.
To clarify: You **may not** publish this mod's compiled jars somewhere else, and you may not pretend that you wrote the mod.

**Plz updat to forge**

I won't update to forge, as I have never touched it, and have no plan to do so.

**Will you update this to new MC versions?**

If I feel like it :)

**Where can I get in touch with you?**

Up-to-date contact information can be found at Erb3's [GitHub](https://github.com/Erb3/Erb3/blob/main/README.md).

Commit message:

docs: modrinth doesn't know what a sound limit is

README.md, after:

# Soundlimit

[![github](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/github_vector.svg)](https://github.com/Erb3/Soundlimit)
[![modrinth](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/modrinth_vector.svg)](https://modrinth.com/mod/soundlimit)
![forge](https://github.com/Erb3/Cactusfix/blob/1.20.x/assets/forge_64h.png?raw=true)

Have you wanted to play music with nine different jukeboxes at the same time?
Me neither, but now you can.
A simple Minecraft mod to increase the sound limit from 8 to 128.

## FAQ

**What is a sound limit?**

Minecraft imposes a limit of eight streaming sounds at the same time.
This is not enough for some people.
I like sounds, ok?

**What is a streaming sound?**

Jukeboxes, ComputerCraft speakers, etc.

**Can I use this mod in my modpack?**

Yes! You are more than welcome to include my mod in your modpack, if you credit me, and do not reupload the mod.
I would also appreciate if you told me about it 😊.

**Can I re-upload this mod?**

Short answer: No.
To clarify: You **may not** publish this mod's compiled jars somewhere else, and you may not pretend that you wrote the mod.

**Plz updat to forge**

I won't update to forge, as I have never touched it, and have no plan to do so.

**Will you update this to new MC versions?**

If I feel like it :)

**Where can I get in touch with you?**

Up-to-date contact information can be found at Erb3's [GitHub](https://github.com/Erb3/Erb3/blob/main/README.md).
